=head1 NAME

get-shit-done - Boost productivity by blocking distracting websites

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 sudo get-shit-done [work|play]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<get-shit-done> is a simple utility that blocks a user-specified list of
sites at the DNS level by adding host entries pointing to 127.0.0.1 in the
system's hosts file. Invoking with C<work> as an argument blocks the sites;
C<play> unblocks them. After either operation, the DNS cache is flushed.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The script will look for either C</etc/get-shit-done.yaml> or C</etc/gsd.yaml>
for configuration. The file is in YAML format, with the following fields:

=head2 block

List of hostnames to block, without 'www.' prefix (if any). For example,
if 'reddit.com' is provided, both 'reddit.com' and 'www.reddit.com' will
be blocked.

=head2 hosts_file

Path to the system hosts file, e.g. /etc/hosts. If not supplied, a default
is guessed based on operating system.

=head2 network_command

A command to flush DNS and/or restart the network. If not supplied, a
default is guessed based on OS.

=head1 FLUSHING THE DNS CACHE

C<get-shit-done> attempts to support Mac OS X and Linux (patches for other
operating systems are more than welcome). For the former, it flushes the
DNS directly. On Linux, it will flush nscd or unscd caches if they are
present, and restart the network via one of the following methods:

=over

=item *

/etc/init.d/networking, if present (e.g. Ubuntu)

=item *

/etc/init.d/network (e.g. CentOS)

=item *

rc.d (e.g. Arch) - will detect which of network, NetworkManager or wicd
is being used and restart that.

=back

=head1 CREDITS

Inspired by the PHP/shell/python version by leftnode and contributors
(L<https://github.com/leftnode/get-shit-done>).

=head1 AUTHOR

Richard Harris <RJH@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Richard Harris.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut

